Add guide for managing TCP resources GitOps way (#237)
clastix/kamaji: docs/content/guides/kamaji-gitops-flux.md

# Manage tenant resources GitOps-way from the admin cluster

> In this guide we're going to illustrate how to apply applications and resources in general, the GitOps-way, to tenant clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we're going to illustrate how to apply applications and resources in general, the GitOps-way, to the Tenant Control Planes.
```

> An admin may need to apply specific workload into tenant clusters and ensure is constantly reconciled, no matter what the tenants will do in their clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An admin may need to apply a specific workload into tenant control planes and ensure is constantly reconciled, no matter what the tenants will do in their clusters.
```

Example include installing monitoring agents, ensuring specific policies, installing infrastructure operators like Cert Manager and so on.

## Flux as the GitOps operator

As GitOps ensures a constant reconciliation to a Git-versioned desired state, Flux can satisfy the requirement of those scenarios.

In particular, the controllers that reconcile [resources](https://fluxcd.io/flux/concepts/#reconciliation) support communicating to external clusters.

In our scenario the Flux toolkit would run in the *admin cluster*, with reconcile controllers reconciling resources into *tenant clusters*.

<img src="../images/kamaji-flux.png" alt="kamaji-flux" width="720"/>

This is something possible as the Flux reconciliation Custom Resources specifications provide ability to specify `Secret` which contain a `kubeconfig` - here you can find the related documentation for both [`Kustomization`](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/kustomize/kustomization/#remote-clusters--cluster-api) and [`HelmRelease`](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/helm/helmreleases/#remote-clusters--cluster-api) CRs.

## Quickstart

> As we already know - if not I recommend [this guide](https://kamaji.clastix.io/getting-started/#deploy-tenant-control-plane) - once we deploy a `TenantControlPlane` and it will be ready, we can find the kubeconfig for the admin user in a `Secret` named as *<tenant name>-admin-kubeconfig*, in the same `Namespace` where the resource has been created.

Reviewer: Please, let's use the third person here since this is documentation material.

> Let's suppose we deploy a `TenantControlPlane` named *tenant1* in the *tenants* `Namespace`, we'd find a `Secret` named *tenant1-admin-kubeconfig* in the *tenants* `Namespace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's suppose a `TenantControlPlane` named *tenant1* has been deployed in the *tenants* `Namespace`, we'd find a `Secret` named *tenant1-admin-kubeconfig* in the *tenants* `Namespace`.
```
